# CIS_Win
This is a program to automate collection of Group Policy Objects and verify thier compliance.

## Configuration file
1. Let the file be generated by the program by runnuing it once.
2. Fill the file using following structure:
  1. **Do not modify anyting above the lines!** They are program generated and used for referencing.
  2. `Number` references the section number in the compliance giudance file.
  3. `Section` references the section where the program can fined the `key`.
  4. `Key` references the policy key.
  5. `User_key` references a user-readable policy name. This is the value that will be used in the *out.csv* file. Here you can use the name of the section in the compliance guidance file.
  6. `Type` references the value type that the program will be comapring. See *Types* for more information.
  7. `Min_val` references the minimum value in a range of values. This value is inclusive. Leave blank for -infinity.
  8. `Max_val` references the maximum value in a range of values. This value is **exclusive**. Leave blank for infinity.
  Example:
  ```python
  Min_val = 0
  Max_val = 5
  range(Min_val, Max_val) == (0, 1, 2, 3, 4)
  ```
    > Note: Useing (-)999999 for (-)infinity
  9. `Exact_val` references an exact value.
    > Note: Use a range **or** an exact value.
3. You can comment a row by setting the value of the first cell to `Comment` (casesenstive).
4. Save file and **keep it in csv** format.

## Types
The types used are python types. Valid types are:

| Type | Full name | Desctiption                         | Examples | Accepted values |
| :--- | :-------- | :---------------------------------- | :------- | :-------------- |
| int  | integer   | An entire non-floating point number | `1`, `50`| range, exact, min, max    |
| float| float     | A deciam floating point number      | `3.1415` | exact           |
| bool | boolean   | `True` or `False` / Valid or not    | `True`/`False`| exact      |
| None | None      | None or Null type. Equivalent to an empty str|`None`, `""`| exact|
| str  | string    | A(n) (sequence of) alphanumerical character|`a`, `d4g-`| exact   |
| list | list      | A squence of values seperated by a comma `,`|`a, b, c`| exact    |

All alphanumerical character or character sequences will be interpreted in lowercase. Leading or trailing spaces will not be taken into account.

# License
This repository and all its content is licensed under the GNU GPLv3 license and later.
A copy can be found in the LICENSE file.

# To do
- [x] Convert configparser to xml.
- [x] Add boolean convertor
